DOCS-4176: Correct locations of viam-server binary (#4466)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/reference/viam-server/_index.md

chmod 755 viam-server && sudo ./viam-server --aix-install
```

The `viam-server` binary is installed at <FILE>/usr/local/bin/viam-server</FILE>.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Install using viam-agent" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://storage.googleapis.com/packages.viam.com/apps/viam-agent/install.sh)"
```

> The `viam-server` binary is installed at <FILE>/opt/viam/bin/viam-server</FILE>.

Author: ```suggestion
The `viam-agent` and `viam-server` binaries are installed at <FILE>/opt/viam/bin/viam-server</FILE>.
```

chmod 755 viam-server && sudo ./viam-server --aix-install
```

The `viam-server` binary is installed at <FILE>/usr/local/bin/viam-server</FILE>.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Install using viam-agent" %}}

```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://storage.googleapis.com/packages.viam.com/apps/viam-agent/install.sh)"
```

> The `viam-server` binary is installed at <FILE>/opt/viam/bin/viam-server</FILE>.

Author: ```suggestion
The `viam-agent` and `viam-server` binaries are installed at <FILE>/opt/viam/bin/viam-server</FILE>.
```
